Added `feature_thread` (#20761)
vector-im/element-web: docs/labs.md

If no right panel state is known for the room or it was closed on the last room
visit, it will default to the room member list. Otherwise, the saved card last
used in that room is shown.

## Threaded Messaging (`feature_thread`)

Threading allows users to branch out a new conversation from the main timeline of a room. This is particularly useful in high traffic rooms where multiple conversations can happen in parallel or when a single discussion might stretch over a very long period of time.

When a thread head is aggregated (as in MSC2675), it returns a summary of the thread: the latest message, a list of participants and the total count of messages. I.e. in places which include bundled relations (per MSC2675).

A thread will be displayed as a chain of replies on clients unaware of threads.

> Thread-ready clients would recieve the latest event in the thread unless a user is explicitly replying to another event.

Author: ## Threaded Messaging (`feature_thread`)

Threading allows users to branch out a new conversation from the main timeline of a room. This is particularly useful in high traffic rooms where multiple conversations can happen in parallel or when a single discussion might stretch over a very long period of time.

Clients should fill in the new field (https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-doc/blob/gsouquet/threading-via-relations/proposals/3440-threading-via-relations.md#backwards-compatibility) in order to display that in a thread context.
When a thread head is aggregated (as in MSC2675), it returns a summary of the thread: the latest message, a list of participants and the total count of messages.
A thread will be displayed as a chain of replies on clients unaware of threads.
Thread-ready clients would receive the latest event in the thread unless a user is explicitly replying to another event.

Clients can also synthesize read receipts but it is possible that some notifications get lost on a fresh start.

> Thread-ready clients would recieve the latest event in the thread unless a user is explicitly replying to another event.

Author: >Is this okay?? should I remove the link and not include the  'fill the feild' part? Also should i remove the (As in MSC2675) part as well?

> Thread-ready clients would recieve the latest event in the thread unless a user is explicitly replying to another event.

Reviewer: Is it OK @gsouquet ?

> Threading allows users to branch out a new conversation from the main timeline of a room. This is particularly useful in high traffic rooms where multiple conversations can happen in parallel or when a single discussion might stretch over a very long period of time.
> 
> When a thread head is aggregated (as in MSC2675), it returns a summary of the thread: the latest message, a list of participants and the total count of messages. I.e. in places which include bundled relations (per MSC2675).
> 
> A thread will be displayed as a chain of replies on clients unaware of threads.
> Thread-ready clients would recieve the latest event in the thread unless a user is explicitly replying to another event.
> 
> Clients can synthesize read receipts but it is possible that some notifications get lost on a fresh start.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Threading allows users to branch out a new conversation from the main timeline of a room. This is particularly useful in high traffic rooms where multiple conversations can happen in parallel or when a single discussion might stretch over a very long period of time.

Threads can be access by clicking their summary below the root event on the room timeline. Users can find a comprehensive list of threads by click the icon on the room header button.

This feature might work in degraded mode if the homeserver a user is connected to does not advertise support for the unstable feature `org.matrix.msc3440`  when calling the `/versions` API endpoint.
```
